
		DT-42 DrumToy
		-------------

Although one can obviously create some sort of
music with DT-42, it is just a toy. I decided
to improve the simplemixer SDL audio programming
example a little, moving the sequencer into the
audio callback context and making things a bit
more robust. The string based sequencer turned
out to be fun - and then I was confronted with
this audio/video sync issue. So, I had this idea
of throwing in some sort of GUI with scopes a
very simple tracker (MOD editor) style pattern
editor, and...
  Well, there you go - another SDL programming
example that went rogue. :-D

In short, DT-42 was intended as an example of
interactive audio and graphics programming using
SDL, but maybe it's a bit too complex. However,
for someone working on some sort of music editor,
DT-42 is probably as simple as it gets with all
the basic vital stuff still in place.

The sounds were sampled by Michael Fischer,
from a real Roland TR-808 Rhythm Composer. (A
vintage analog drum machine.) Please see
README.SOUND for details. You may get the rest
of the sounds from here:

    http://freeware.sgi.com/fw-5.3/fw_TR808/

Or just use Google, if that doesn't work.


		David Olofson <david@olofson.net>
